hey Lamarr Wilson here huh huh I know I
said I was tired of the set so I changed
a set and now it is a lot better and I
can move around more I like this I like
this better than the last thingy so yeah
and the wretched tables to here so a few
weeks ago I did a tournament with Disney
XD it was a Mario Kart tournament little
clip that's probably rolling here and I
lost
of course cuz I sucked but it was for
Disney's gamers guy and it sound Disney
XD and it's on the second episode as of
this week I solved the first episode
when I saw the chair that Cameron was
sitting in and I was like oh my god I
mean a chair like that I tweeted that
can somebody find me this chair cuz I
was gonna buy it one of you all safe I
this GT Omega Racing company and so I
was looking at their site they saw the
tweet and they'd say hey follow us in DM
I said yeah you you you want a chair
will send you a chair I'm like yo
scratcher
and they're like you will see Meucci
calm down man so this video is gonna be
me unboxing it putting together and I
typed I can't ladies and gentlemen look
I got a big package let's get started
alright so how am I gonna unbox this now
guys I know y'all see the knife don't
worry I'm Way over here there's no way
yeah you know what I gotta find somebody
phone boxes I gotta do this a different
way
alright guys there you go oh I mean this
thing is cool now this is an Excel
version so it's designed for a little
bigger guy like me losing weight but you
know I'm stupid for now I'm still kind
of big so it has cut on the wider angle
here and you know so I could slip in and
I get stuck in the chair and then you
can go all the way back but if I use the
lever here oh I'm going to slink out
another thing I need to put hood here is
I need to put a rug or thingy right here
cuz there's a rug there but there's not
a road here so I just like I don't have
to hear the wheel noise that's the only
thing and the armrest
they slide back and forth you have the
abundance you put it exactly where you
want it's it's beautiful it's it's what
welcome you know what I got to do right
new chair haami it's been a while let's
do it
so guys I want to thank GT Omega racing
for this awesome chair I didn't even
expect it this is not sponsored they
just said hey you won it
what's your address and they sent it and
I this ok I know the controller was
awesome but getting a chair in the mail
it's just like it's just amazing and
it's perfect I make sure to check out
their website I put a link below I'll
goes right to the website you can check
out their chairs they just open a Us
store because you're primarily UK and so
you can go there right now check out all
they have different colors there's not
just red and black different colors try
now they have XL to have regular they
have some gaming ones that has a monitor
attached you sit in there like like a
like a cockpit it's really cool so I
check them out yet again GT Omega racing
thank you I all right so guys I will see
you in the next video
nope does everything kind of fit nagisa
cut the chair this
all right guys I've seen in this field